<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line first-line-h1 -->
${toc}

## **Description**

Ample multi-institutional routine clinically-acquired multi-parametric MRI (mpMRI) scans of glioblastoma (GBM), with pathologically confirmed diagnosis and available MGMT promoter methylation status, are used as the training, validation, and testing data for this year’s BraTS challenge.

Specifically, the datasets used in this year's challenge have been updated, since BraTS'20, with many more routine clinically-acquired mpMRI scans. Ground truth annotations of the tumor sub-regions are created and approved by expert neuroradiologists for every subject included in the training, validation, and testing datasets to quantitatively evaluate the predicted tumor segmentations of Task 1.
### Imaging Data Description
All BraTS mpMRI scans are available as both DICOM (.dcm) and NIfTI files (.nii.gz) and describe a) native (T1) and b) post-contrast T1-weighted (T1Gd), c) T2-weighted (T2), and d) T2 Fluid Attenuated Inversion Recovery (T2-FLAIR) volumes, and were acquired with different clinical protocols and various scanners from multiple institutions, mentioned as data contributors here.

All the imaging datasets have been segmented manually, by one to four raters, following the same annotation protocol, and their annotations were approved by experienced neuro-radiologists. Annotations comprise the GD-enhancing tumor (ET — label 4), the peritumoral edematous/invaded tissue (ED — label 2), and the necrotic tumor core (NCR — label 1), as described both in the BraTS 2012-2013 TMI paper and in the latest BraTS summarizing paper. The ground truth data were created after their pre-processing, i.e., co-registered to the same anatomical template, interpolated to the same resolution (1 mm<sup>3</sup>) and skull-stripped.

### Comparison with Previous BraTS datasets
The BraTS data provided since BraTS'17, differs significantly from the data provided during the previous BraTS challenges (i.e., 2016 and backwards). The only data that have been previously used and are utilized again (during BraTS'17-'20) are the images and annotations of BraTS'12-'13, which have been manually annotated by clinical experts in the past. The data used during BraTS'14-'16 (from TCIA) have been discarded, as they described a mixture of pre- and post-operative scans and their ground truth labels have been annotated by the fusion of segmentation results from algorithms that ranked highly during BraTS'12 and '13. For BraTS'17, expert neuroradiologists have radiologically assessed the complete original TCIA glioma collections (TCGA-GBM, n=262 and TCGA-LGG, n=199) and categorized each scan as pre- or post-operative. Subsequently, all the pre-operative TCIA scans (135 GBM and 108 LGG) were annotated by experts for the various glioma sub-regions and included in this year's BraTS datasets. The exact procedures for these cases can be found in this manuscript.

This year we also provide the naming convention and direct filename mapping between the data of BraTS'21-'17, and the TCGA-GBM, TCGA-LGG, and IvyGAP collections, available through The Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA) to further facilitate research beyond the directly BraTS related tasks.

---

## **Conditions for Use**

> THESE ARE JUST DRAFT CONDITIONS AND ARE NOT FINAL

- Challenge participants must abide by the guiding principles for responsible research use and data handling within the Synapse Commons Platform as described in the Synapse Governance documents and by the Challenges Official Rules. 
- **Publication embargo**: These data are provided for use within the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge. Publication embargo: Use of Challenge results in a publication by Challenge participants is permitted if it is restricted to the results of your Challenge method and your Team ranking . Participants agree to share the manuscript with the Challenge organizers who will review it within 2 weeks and verify that it does not report overall challenge results or any analysis of the overall results as these are parts of the main Challenge Publication. Additionally, you agree not to report overall Challenge results or any analysis of the overall results until the organizers and Challenge participants have jointly published an overview paper on the results from the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge and the best performing strategies used in the Challenge. You will be contacted through your Synapse-affiliated email address when this condition has been met. This information will also be posted within this Synapse project. 
- Acknowledgement: Challenge participants are permitted to use, publish and present the Challenge results, after the embargo period, provided they acknowledge both UPenn and Sage Bionetworks as follows: "Data used in this publication were generated by the Center for Biomedical Image Computing & Analytics (CBICA) at the University of Pennsylvania. They were obtained as part of the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge project through Synapse ID (syn25829067)." 
- **Use of Data Beyond BraTS**
Participants are allowed to use additional public and/or private data (from their own institutions) for data augmentation, only if they explicitly mention this in their submitted papers and also report results using only the BraTS'21 data to discuss any potential difference in their papers and results. This is due to our intentions to provide a fair comparison among the participating methods. 
- **Data Usage Agreement / Citations**
You are free to use and/or refer to the BraTS datasets in your own research, provided that you always cite the following three manuscripts: 

1. B. H. Menze, A. Jakab, S. Bauer, J. Kalpathy-Cramer, K. Farahani, J. Kirby, et al. "The Multimodal Brain Tumor Image Segmentation Benchmark (BRATS)", IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging 34(10), 1993-2024 (2015) DOI: 
10.1109/TMI.2014.2377694 
2. S. Bakas, H. Akbari, A. Sotiras, M. Bilello, M. Rozycki, J.S. Kirby, et al., "Advancing The Cancer Genome Atlas glioma MRI collections with expert segmentation labels and radiomic features", Nature Scientific Data, 4:170117 (2017) DOI: 
10.1038/sdata.2017.117 
3. S. Bakas, M. Reyes, A. Jakab, S. Bauer, M. Rempfler, A. Crimi, et al., "Identifying the Best Machine Learning Algorithms for Brain Tumor Segmentation, Progression Assessment, and Overall Survival Prediction in the BRATS Challenge", arXiv preprint arXiv:1811.02629 (2018)

>In addition, if there are no restrictions imposed from the journal/conference you submit your paper about citing "Data Citations", please be specific and also cite the following: 

4. S. Bakas, H. Akbari, A. Sotiras, M. Bilello, M. Rozycki, J. Kirby, et al., "Segmentation Labels and Radiomic Features for the Pre-operative Scans of the TCGA-GBM collection", The Cancer Imaging Archive, 2017. DOI: 10.7937/K9/TCIA.2017.KLXWJJ1Q 
5. S. Bakas, H. Akbari, A. Sotiras, M. Bilello, M. Rozycki, J. Kirby, et al., "Segmentation Labels and Radiomic Features for the Pre-operative Scans of the TCGA-LGG collection", The Cancer Imaging Archive, 2017. DOI: 10.7937/K9/TCIA.2017.GJQ7R0EF 

- Note: Use of the BraTS datasets for creating and submitting benchmark results for publication on MLPerf.org is considered non-commercial use. It is further acceptable to republish results published on MLPerf.org, as well as to create unverified benchmark results consistent with the MLPerf.org rules in other locations. Please note that you should always adhere to the BraTS data usage guidelines and cite appropriately the aforementioned publications, as well as to the terms of use required by MLPerf.org. 

---

## **Access**

You must be registered to the challenge to access the data. Learn [**How to Participate**](#!Synapse:syn25829070/wiki/610874)
