<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line first-line-h1 -->
${toc}

## **DREAM Challenge Rules**

- The [**DREAM Challenge Rules**](https://www.synapse.org/#!Synapse:syn10144147/wiki/448310) are available online.
-  A [**summary**](https://www.synapse.org/#!Synapse:syn10144149) of the rules is also available to review.
- The Data Access Conditions for this Challenge are below.
- This and all current and future DREAM challenges operate under the [**DREAM Principles**](https://www.synapse.org/#!Synapse:syn6182468/wiki/401779).

## **DREAM Related Questions**

DREAM FAQs can be viewed [**here**](http://dreamchallenges.org/faqs/).

## **General Information on DREAM Challenges**

A complete description of the DREAM Challenge approach and links to other DREAM Challenges can be found on the [**DREAM Challenge site**](http://dreamchallenges.org).

## **Challenge Community Forum**

The Discussion forum will be the primary means of informal discussion, Q&A, and other interactions between the Challenge members (organizers, participants, etc).  We encourage participants to visit the [**Discussion**](https://www.synapse.org/#!Synapse:syn25829070/discussion/default) tab frequently. If you prefer, you can also receive email notifications for every new thread by clicking the **Follow** button (_highly recommended_, as updates about the Challenge will be posted here):

${image?fileName=discussion%5Fboard%2Epng&align=None&scale=100&responsive=true&altText=Follow discussion forum}
<br/>

With the exception of sensitive topics, we **request that all Challenge-related questions be posed here rather than through private discussion**.  We cannot guarantee that emails directly sent to members of the Organizers team will be given priority in getting answered.

> ####! Communication Policy
> Informal language is encouraged in the forums, but remember that everything you say is public.  Please be courteous and avoid using disrespectful language -- we want to keep the forums a place of positive support for everyone.
>
> Additionally, please give the Organizers team time to respond.  We will do our best in responding to all questions posted between Monday 9AM to Friday 5PM Pacific Time within 24 hours, whereas questions posted outside of the business week (including holidays), will be answered on the following business day.

## **Challenge Terms of Use**

> THESE ARE JUST DRAFT CONDITIONS AND ARE NOT FINAL

- Challenge participants must abide by the guiding principles for responsible research use and data handling within the Synapse Commons Platform as described in the Synapse Governance documents and by the Challenges Official Rules. 
- **Publication embargo**: These data are provided for use within the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge. Publication embargo: Use of Challenge results in a publication by Challenge participants is permitted if it is restricted to the results of your Challenge method and your Team ranking . Participants agree to share the manuscript with the Challenge organizers who will review it within 2 weeks and verify that it does not report overall challenge results or any analysis of the overall results as these are parts of the main Challenge Publication. Additionally, you agree not to report overall Challenge results or any analysis of the overall results until the organizers and Challenge participants have jointly published an overview paper on the results from the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge and the best performing strategies used in the Challenge. You will be contacted through your Synapse-affiliated email address when this condition has been met. This information will also be posted within this Synapse project. 
- Acknowledgement: Challenge participants are permitted to use, publish and present the Challenge results, after the embargo period, provided they acknowledge both UPenn and Sage Bionetworks as follows: "Data used in this publication were generated by the Center for Biomedical Image Computing & Analytics (CBICA) at the University of Pennsylvania. They were obtained as part of the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) Challenge project through Synapse ID (syn25829067)." 
- **Use of Data Beyond BraTS**
Participants are allowed to use additional public and/or private data (from their own institutions) for data augmentation, only if they explicitly mention this in their submitted papers and also report results using only the BraTS'21 data to discuss any potential difference in their papers and results. This is due to our intentions to provide a fair comparison among the participating methods. 
- **Data Usage Agreement / Citations**
You are free to use and/or refer to the BraTS datasets in your own research, provided that you always cite the following three manuscripts: 

1. B. H. Menze, A. Jakab, S. Bauer, J. Kalpathy-Cramer, K. Farahani, J. Kirby, et al. "The Multimodal Brain Tumor Image Segmentation Benchmark (BRATS)", IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging 34(10), 1993-2024 (2015) DOI: 
10.1109/TMI.2014.2377694 
2. S. Bakas, H. Akbari, A. Sotiras, M. Bilello, M. Rozycki, J.S. Kirby, et al., "Advancing The Cancer Genome Atlas glioma MRI collections with expert segmentation labels and radiomic features", Nature Scientific Data, 4:170117 (2017) DOI: 
10.1038/sdata.2017.117 
3. S. Bakas, M. Reyes, A. Jakab, S. Bauer, M. Rempfler, A. Crimi, et al., "Identifying the Best Machine Learning Algorithms for Brain Tumor Segmentation, Progression Assessment, and Overall Survival Prediction in the BRATS Challenge", arXiv preprint arXiv:1811.02629 (2018) 

>In addition, if there are no restrictions imposed from the journal/conference you submit your paper about citing "Data Citations", please be specific and also cite the following: 

4. S. Bakas, H. Akbari, A. Sotiras, M. Bilello, M. Rozycki, J. Kirby, et al., "Segmentation Labels and Radiomic Features for the Pre-operative Scans of the TCGA-GBM collection", The Cancer Imaging Archive, 2017. DOI: 10.7937/K9/TCIA.2017.KLXWJJ1Q 
5. S. Bakas, H. Akbari, A. Sotiras, M. Bilello, M. Rozycki, J. Kirby, et al., "Segmentation Labels and Radiomic Features for the Pre-operative Scans of the TCGA-LGG collection", The Cancer Imaging Archive, 2017. DOI: 10.7937/K9/TCIA.2017.GJQ7R0EF 

- Note: Use of the BraTS datasets for creating and submitting benchmark results for publication on MLPerf.org is considered non-commercial use. It is further acceptable to republish results published on MLPerf.org, as well as to create unverified benchmark results consistent with the MLPerf.org rules in other locations. Please note that you should always adhere to the BraTS data usage guidelines and cite appropriately the aforementioned publications, as well as to the terms of use required by MLPerf.org. 
